docs: usage analytics updates (#74386)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/introduction.md

If you're using an AI agent to help you embed Metabase in your app, check out [AI agent resources](./ai-agent-resources.md).

## Tracking embed usage

{% include plans-blockquote.html feature="Tracking embed usage" %}

> You can use [Usage Analytics](../usage-and-performance-tools/usage-analytics.md) to monitor embed usage - like embedding context, authentication methods, hostname etc. See [Embedding usage dashboard](../usage-and-performance-tools/usage-analytics-reference.md#embedding-usage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Usage Analytics](../usage-and-performance-tools/usage-analytics.md) tracks embed usage, including embedding context, authentication methods, hostname, and other metadata. Check out the [Embedding usage dashboard](../usage-and-performance-tools/usage-analytics-reference.md#embedding-usage).
```
